Your man's away clane mad
Johnny got a clout on the head last night
Would you look at the cut of your man over there - Heed, Cut, Form, Size, Hare, Like  

Will you take the dog for a dander this evening. Run, Walk, Dinner, Dander, Cruise, Trip
Paddys over in the feel baling hay. Grass, Bog, Feel, Shuck, Hedge, Moss
Now were suckin diesel, Making, Spittin, Pushing, Suckin, Getting, Horsing.
The lads are on the tear, Tear, Coffee, Beer, Tae, Full, Cut
Ask that filla over there, Boy, Person, Young Man, Filla, Kid, Las, 
Would ya look at the shape of the flur, Grass, Ground, Huse, Glass, Road, Flur
He's futering in the garage, Messing, Working, Napping, Futering, Screwing, Hokeing
You look foundered today!, Cold, Roasted, Foundered, Boiled, Shuck, Hated
Will you give me a soap out of that bottle, Soap, Pull, Drink, Drop, Taste, Gulp
Tell that dog to ginn to the house, Enter, Go, Shift,  Come, Ginn, Git
I'm feeling grand today, Thousand, Sorry, Grand, Happy, Million, Fine
We got in some handlin with the car yesterday!, Buking, Disaster, Fillin, Shape, Trouble, Hanlin
Take it handy on the road today!, Quick, Handy, Easily, Purty, Slow, Filla 
That was a hard days hashing!, Pushing, Work, Pinting, Hashing, Dozin, Haulin
I bet you can't catch a howl to this!, Tether, Howl, Ship, Hate, Auwl, Puk
Gonn over to the shop and get me fags will ya., Mo'ver, Go, Cut, Gonn, Minn, Run
Hay you got any milk for the tea? Grass, Hi, De, Hay, Moss, Say
C'mon for a lock of pints Johnny! Few, Bolt, Couple, Dozen, Lock, Button
Do you mine the night ya fell in the river Mick?, Fine, Call, Mine, Remember, Fray, Mem
That's nay trouble at all boss! Nope, Hate, Tarra, Plenty, Nall, Nay, Quare
Wil you have a piece with you tae?, Slice, Bit, Piece, Block, Gulp, Dose
That was a quare game last night, wasn't it?
They had a wile siege at mass last week!, Session, Disaster, Howl, Staging, Run, Siege
Johnny put the car into the shuck on the way home from the pub last night. Stream, Water Hole, Moss, Shuck, Hedge, Feel
Will we go for a stage in your new yock?, Run, Stage, Step, Look, Ship, Cut  
Did I tell ya I sowl the van last week? Read, Shipped, Toul, Sowl, Crashed, Bought
You wasting you time talking to Jimmy, he's a very thran man!, Arrogant, Stubborn, Ignorant, Purty, Awkward, Thran
Well you can't say you weren't toul!, Informed, Cautioned, Toul, Warned, Larned, Tipped
Isn't that a fine waal Pat built last week? Shed, Waal, Row, Dour, Huse, Slap
Will you shout the wains and tell them to come into the house?, Kids, Wee'ns, Youths, Bucks, Wains, Young'ns
Sean is wake as water today!, Stout, Thin, Fit, Strong, Wake, Tite
Isn't it a wile day out?, Awful, G'up, Wile, Rough, Some, Ginn
Tim put the ball through the windey when joe was eating his dinner., Dour, Windey, Hole, Chimley, Gap, Flur

C'mon till we get the purtys!, Purtys, Meal, Carvery, Fud, Taste, Lops
He couldn't give a hate how the exam went. Care, Shake, Flit, Hate, Thought, Remark
Will you look at th'on stupid clown over there! That, The
Mon out tonight Johnny.
Whoah, that's far enough
Give me a wee lift with this will you?
Will you howl your tongue!
What are you doing hi!
Look, it's over there fornenst you
Cowl day the day sir!
Cop on hi!
Ah johnny, what are ya at? You put the cart before the horse!